He wondered if the cleaning lady took count of how many successful trips to the bathroom all the coffee mugs represented, the slow and the fast, the demanding and fickle streams. She was cleaning up after the massagers of bowels. And it was a mess. 
Few of the workers seemed to want to consolidate the dishes in the sink, so as to allow others to do anything under the tap. Ironically she knew that one of the things that they had to do as part of their jobs was find ways to simplify, to condense and clarify, to streamline. All that they were able of doing in the kitchen was create a line of dishes through which the dribbles and dabs had dripped down and create multiple streams of water on the countertop, whose lines eventually reached the edge and dripped down to the floor, probably much in the way of the older employees' method of release in the restroom. 

To break the monotony of everyday life, he had begun collecting receipts. Life was a transaction, a check-in and create, consume, experience, suffer through, and check out, pay back, off, out and retire sort of affair. And it was broken up into infintesimally smaller transactions, many of which were actually recorded, sometimes in dupiclate (originally in duplicate even). One of his colleagues liked to ask him why it was that life was getting faster, the knowing smile on his face a constant irritation because he only wanted to get into compound interest and the fact that the more layers of experiences--of transactions--the more it seemed like what was in front of us was in fact less and less, and with less meaning. 
That paper trail was key too. Books and newspapers read, magazines skimmed whilst on the toilet, comic books Kapowed and Banged! in front of eager eyes. But documents too, forms and registrations, signups and pledges. Paper and paper and paper. Line after line of text coded in a specific way, so as to be unreadable save for by machines. But the items were readable, the amounts. They all added up to equal a bunch of time
